Summary
=======

The OpenCollar Source code is now being hosted on github.com, which we will be
using for tracking code changes going forward.  I know it's new, and a little
unfamiliar, but using Github is going to have a big payoff in the long term.
This notecard is to walk you through getting your own repository with the OC
source code, and submitting a little patch back to the main repo.  For
brevity's sake it just addresses using Github's built in web editor.  Regular
contributors will probably want to go further and set up a repository clone on
their own computer, but for people just writing documentation or doing quick
script edits, the web editor should work fine.

The Steps
=========

1. Go to https://github.com/signup/free and create an account if you don't have
one. 

2. Go to https://github.com/nirea/ocupdater and click the "Fork" button.
Github will make you your very own fork of the repository and put it at
https://github.com/YOURUSERNAMEHERE/ocupdater

3. You should now see a list of files/folders, and some text underneath that
comes from the README.md file.  Click the lsl/ folder under "ocupdater/" (third
box) to get to the source code files.

4. Click on a script and it will open in the viewer. then choose the "Edit this
file" button to make changes..

5. When you have your changes ready  - comment the change in the "Commit
message" field - a summary of what you changed and why - (if the change is
related to an open issue it would be helpful to include a link to the issue).
Click "commit change" 

At this point this change is ONLY in your fork of the code. To submit that to
the Master code base you need to choose "Pull Request" (The button is at the
top of the page)

For more information on the use of github check out their help page here -
http://help.github.com/

Thanks
------

This notecard was written by xx.Reyes, aka "slut", with subsequent edits by
Nirea.

About this Notecard
-------------------

This is written in a special format called [Markdown]
(http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax).  It's nice because it's
readable as just a notecard, but also gets rendered into nice HTML on Github.
So we can use the same docs both places!
